President Obama makes a mockery of 9/11
here at this memorial this museum we
come together we stand in the footprints
of two mighty towers graced by the rush
of eternal waters we look into the faces
of nearly 3,000 innocent souls men and
women and children of every race every
Creed from every corner of the world and
we can touch their names and hear their
voices and glimpse the small items that
speak to the beauty of their lives a
wedding ring a dusty helmet a shining
badge here we tell their story so that
generations yet unborn will never forget
of co-workers who led others to safety
the passengers who stormed the cockpit
our men and women in uniform who rushed
into an inferno our first responders who
charged up those stairs a generation of
servicemembers our 9/11 generation was
served with honor in more than a decade
of war a nation that stands tall and
United and unafraid because no act of
terror can match the strength or the
character of our country like the great
wall and bedrock that embrace us today
nothing can ever break us
nothing can change who we are as
Americans he knows we're not attacked
because we're Americans it's because the
specific foreign policies namely US
support of Israel and they do not
recognize that author on the other
pilots had only just arrived in the
United States to begin their flight
training the al Qaeda leader wanted to
pass the United States for supporting
Israel there's no honor in feeding us
lies about why we were attacked there's
no honor in serving an agenda to
suppress the main motive for why we were
attacked please see these videos in this
playlist about what motivated the 9/11
hijackers